Story (WIP):
who do i want the murderer to be? prolly healer.

titlescreen:
talk to reaper

town, rooms, cave, forest:
book about poisons findable in someones house as red herring?
along with pouch full of medicine/poison
ranger who usually has dungeon mentions that the key has been missing since today
scroll in magicians place talks about ritual?
-> add flag after reading scroll and then come back to magician?

go to bed
titlescreen:
talk to reaper again

town, rooms, cave, forest, dungeon at night:
girl died
bloody sword, empty vial, and broken crowbar, also her now empty open chest in room
paper hidden somewhere maybe? on her corpse/in her hand -> shows other location to dig for actual clue / shows location of chest in forest she hid the ring in, need crowbar/key to open

chest in her room was broken open, only "unimportant" inside
-> maybe there used to be ring and necklace in there, necklace stolen, ring hidden by girl elsewhere
get into dungeon, its open now, get shovel, find smth else maybe
4
Why 2 chests, what is cave and forest for?

... more to do ...

After choosing who to choose as the killer, it sends you to the titlescreen again. Fire! Cinema!

END?

story from girl POV:
found necklace and ring somewhere together with healer
read about danger in combining necklace and ring, !think about something
healer wanted to have both and use them -> girl refused, saying its too dangerous
then hid necklace and ring in her chest and locked it
threatened by healer
then hid the ring in a separate chest
stole dungeon key to get shovel
buried chest in forest, hid the key to chest in her fireplace
wrote cryptic hint in paper, to lead to key in fireplace
broken crowbar next to her along with red herrings

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Progression:
titlescreen -> townlevel1 (-> Cave, Woods, Dungeon, Rooms) -> titlescreen (night) (maybe?) -> townlevel1_night (-> Cave, Woods, Dungeon, Rooms Nightversion) -> END

  GreenDoor -> BrownDoor, Exit,                        Bed ->		GreenDoor	 -> BrownDoor, Exit						?  -> END            



                             